Specify Generate/DeriveKeyPair. (#230)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

also a member of `GG`. Also, for any `A` in `GG`, there exists an element
`-A` such that `A + (-A) = (-A) + A = I`. Scalar multiplication is
equivalent to the repeated application of the group operation on an
element A with itself `r-1` times, this is denoted as `r*A = A + ... + A`.
For any element `A`, `p*A=I`. Scalar base multiplication is equivalent to
the repeated application of the group operation on the base point with
itself `r-1` times, this is denoted as `ScalarBaseMult(r)`. The set of
scalars corresponds to `GF(p)`.

We now detail a number of member functions that can be invoked on a
prime-order group `GG`.

- Order(): Outputs the order of `GG` (i.e. `p`).

> - Identity(): Outputs the identity element of the group (i.e. `I`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identity(): Outputs the identity element of the group (i.e. `I`).
- Generator(): Outputs the chosen element of order `p` that 
  generates `GG`.
```

  defined in {{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve}} setting the target field to GF(p).
- RandomScalar(): A member function of `GG` that chooses at random a
  non-zero element in GF(p).
- SerializeElement(A): A member function of `GG` that maps a group element `A`
  to a unique byte array `buf` of fixed length `Ne`.
- DeserializeElement(buf): A member function of `GG` that maps a byte array
  `buf` to a group element `A`, or fails if the input is not a valid
  byte representation of an element.
- SerializeScalar(s): A member function of `GG` that maps a scalar element `s`
  to a unique byte array `buf` of fixed length `Ns`.
- DeserializeScalar(buf): A member function of `GG` that maps a byte array
  `buf` to a scalar `s`, or fails if the input is not a valid byte
  representation of a scalar.

> Using the API of a prime-order group, we assume the existence of a function
> `GenerateKeyPair()` that generates a random private and public key pair
> (`skS`, `pkS`). One possible implementation might be to compute
> `skS = RandomScalar()` and `pkS = ScalarBaseMult(skS)`. We also assume the
> existence of a `DeriveKeyPair(seed)` function that deterministically generates
> a private and public key pair from input `seed`, where `seed` is a random
> byte string that SHOULD have at least `Ns` bytes of entropy.
> `DeriveKeyPair(seed)` computes `skS = HashToScalar(seed)` and
> `pkS = ScalarBaseMult(skS)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the API of a prime-order group, we assume the existence
of two functions for generating a private key `skS ` and its
associated public key `pkS`. The function GenerateKeyPair() is 
a randomized algorithm, and `DeriveKeyPair(seed)` uses a seed
of at least `Ns` bytes to deterministically generate a key pair.
One recommended implementation of these functions is given.

def GenerateKeyPair():
  skS = RandomScalar()
  pkS = skS*Generator()
  return skS, pkS

def DeriveKeyPair(seed):
  skS = HashToScalar(seed)
  pkS = skS*Generator()
  return skS, pkS
```

Author: DeriveKeyPair can’t be just a recommendation, it needs to be a concrete specification, in order to be useful. Two different implementations of this functions must produce the same output. (If they didn’t, then we might as well remove the function entirely, since it adds no value, right?)

Reviewer: Yes, please edit accordingly.

Author: I think the current text is sufficient. Is there a reason why it doesn’t work?

Reviewer: I am not saying yours is incorrect. My intention is to improve visual readability.

Author: Let's keep it as-is for now. The current version seems to communicate the same thing, but with less words. If we decide later it can be improved, let's fix in a future PR.
